First week.
shimmering
The Battle of Laotai
디자IN
女嬢5可能
punt
dariben sue
The
Quintus wasting
발 rails
So
General Wainwright is speaking.
Message for General William F. Sharp.
Commanding Mendenal and Desan forces.
Repeat.
Message for General Sharp.
Commanding Mendenal and Desan forces.
The morning of Manila is opened by the sound of the cranes.
The cranes are the only vehicle that can be heard by the cute horses.
There are many of these vehicles in this Manila.
It is not the day of the Japanese man-made train.
The frequent movement of the cranes is the revival of Manila.
The high sound of the cranes is the voice of the life of Manila.
Manila has been given a gift by the Japanese army.
It is the
glorious morning of the Japanese man-made train.
The revival of Manila.
These words are engraved in my heart.
The South Cross has already disappeared.
The red sky is burning.
The high roof of the St. Charles church is reflected in the background.
The white building of the University of Tokyo is like a dream.
The high roof of the St. Charles church is like a dream.
It is 6.30 in the morning.
The people of Manila have a habit of waking up early.
The people who open the store,
the people who go to the market,
the children who sell newspapers,
men, women, children,
the number of people is huge.
The face of the Filipinos, the Germans, the Spanish,
are all happy.
The people who pray for the people
to be free from the Japanese occupation
and to be able to continue the rebellion of the U.S.